# Student-Records-
## Origin of the project
  This project was constructed to discuss the purpose of Abstract Factory. Abstract factory is, “intent: Provide an interface for creating families of related or 
dependent objects without specifying their concrete classes (Nahar and Sakib p1)”.

## Java version
  For an example of Abstract factory we constructed  an interface called credit, where the methods, that are in place into the interface, are simple enough for any class to construct. For instance, the add() method that was inherited in both College and HighSchool class will allows us to add a Node to an ArrayList in either A or B ArrayList. The Node is a subclass, that is in both College and HighSchool. The Node subclass allows us to store in the name of the student, what class they took and the credit hour they receive. Now for the most part High School credits and College credits values are different. However, in this javafx project, we allow any value that is greater than zero be placed into credit. The only retrain we are adding is, the student’s name and wither it was a College or High School credit. Another example, is the delete () method that removes a credit, that already exist on either student A or student B and its possible to remove it by determining a student’s
name, there are only two students A or B, and class name. This will delete a specific course from either student A or student B. If you would like more examples or like to know about other different methods implemented in both College and HishSchool class please look at table Methods list and their descriptions inherited by credit interface. I would like to mention that in order to add to the any one of the lists, the student’s name must be A or B and the type of credit must be High School, with space or College.
